yeah but I'm also looking at I need the
right
language
and I need this
okay I will make
um
I'll make a motion
for
um
for the Idaho code
742061b Personnel matters and I will
make a motion to appoint
uh
chair Rutledge as since he is on the
negotiation committee and trustee Barton
because she is on the meet and confer
which is an um the classified
negotiation committee to do the
preliminary or the final negotiations
with Brandon in order Brandon Durst
um
for for the board
consisting of myself and Carlin or yeah
a trusted Barton do I have a second okay
second okay all those in favor say aye
aye aye Okay so
now we'll make a motion to go into
executive session for Idaho code
74206-1f litigation
correct yes litigation or litigation do
I have a second a second okay we have a
first and second uh roll called trustee
Park here trustee Hall here Vice chair
Brown here
and uh
we're ahead
foreign